[docs] Revised accumulated statistics, added summary table (#1216)
Haivision/srt: docs/statistics.md

# SRT Statistics

SRT provides a powerful set of statistical data on a socket. This data can be used to keep an eye on a socket's health and track faulty behavior.

Statistics are calculated independently on each side (receiver and sender) and are not exchanged between peers unless explicitly stated.

The following API functions can be used to retrieve statistics on an SRT socket:

* `int srt_bstats(SRTSOCKET u, SRT_TRACEBSTATS * perf, int clear)`
* `int srt_bistats(SRTSOCKET u, SRT_TRACEBSTATS * perf, int clear, int instantaneous)`

Refer to the documentation of the [API functions](API-functions.md) for usage instructions.

# Summary Table

> The table below provides the summary on the SRT statistics: name, type, unit of measurement, the side it's calculated (sender or receiver), and data type. See section ["Detailed Description"](#Detailed Description) for detailed description of each statistic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below provides a summary of SRT statistics: name, type, unit of measurement, data type, and whether it is calculated by the sender or receiver. See the section ["Detailed Description"](#Detailed Description) for a detailed description of each statistic.
```

There are three types of statistics:

> - Accumulated that means the statistic is accumulated since the time an SRT socket has been created (after the successful call to `srt_connect(...)` or `srt_bind(...)` function), e.g., `pktSentTotal`, etc.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Accumulated**: the statistic is accumulated since the time an SRT socket has been created (after the successful call to `srt_connect(...)` or `srt_bind(...)` function), e.g., `pktSentTotal`, etc.,
```

> - Interval-based that means the statistic is accumulated during the specified time interval, e.g., 100 milliseconds if SRT statistics is collected each 100 milliseconds, since the time an SRT socket has been created, e.g., `pktSent` , etc.. The value of the statistic can be reset by calling the `srt_bstats(..., int clear)` function with `clear = 1`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Interval-based**: the statistic is accumulated during a specified time interval (e.g., 100 milliseconds if SRT statistics is collected each 100 milliseconds) from the time an SRT socket has been created, e.g., `pktSent` , etc. The value of the statistic can be reset by calling the `srt_bstats(..., int clear)` function with `clear = 1`, 
```

> - Instantaneous that means the statistic is obtained at the moment `srt_bstats()` function is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Instantaneous**: the statistic is obtained at the moment the `srt_bstats()` function is called.
```

### pktSndFilterExtraTotal

The total number of packet filter control packets supplied by the packet filter (refer to [SRT Packet Filtering & FEC](packet-filtering-and-fec.md)). Available for sender.

Packet filter control packets are SRT DATA packets.

`SRTO_PACKETFILTER` socket option should be enabled (refer to in [API.md](API.md)). Introduced in SRT v1.4.0.

### pktRcvFilterExtraTotal

The total number of packet filter control packets received and not supplied back by the packet filter
(refer to [SRT Packet Filtering & FEC](packet-filtering-and-fec.md)). Available for receiver.

Packet filter control packets are SRT DATA packets.

For FEC, this is the total number of received FEC control packets.

`SRTO_PACKETFILTER` socket option should be enabled (refer to in [API.md](API.md)). Introduced in SRT v1.4.0.

### pktRcvFilterSupplyTotal

The total number of packets supplied by the packet filter excluding actually received packets
(e.g., FEC rebuilt packets, refer to [SRT Packet Filtering & FEC](packet-filtering-and-fec.md)). Available for receiver.

Packet filter control packets are SRT DATA packets.

> `SRTO_PACKETFILTER` socket option should be enabled (refer to in [API.md](API.md)). Introduced in SRT v1.4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SRTO_PACKETFILTER` socket option should be enabled (refer to [API.md](API.md)). Introduced in SRT v1.4.0.
```

### pktRcvFilterLossTotal

The total number of lost packets that were not covered by the packet filter (refer to [SRT Packet Filtering & FEC](packet-filtering-and-fec.md)). Available for receiver.

Packet filter control packets are SRT DATA packets.

> `SRTO_PACKETFILTER` socket option should be enabled (refer to in [API.md](API.md)). Introduced in SRT v1.4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SRTO_PACKETFILTER` socket option should be enabled (refer to [API.md](API.md)). Introduced in SRT v1.4.0.
```
